Automated Detection and Recognition of Grammatical Errors
Overview
This project aims to automate the detection and recognition of grammatical errors in sentences using natural language processing (NLP) techniques and machine learning algorithms. The primary focus is on leveraging pre-trained BERT models for sequence classification to identify grammatical errors in sentences.

Installation
To run the project, you'll need Python 3.x and the following libraries installed:

pandas
tensorflow
scikit-learn
transformers
nltk
You can install these dependencies using pip:
pip install pandas tensorflow scikit-learn transformers nltk


Usage
1. Training the BERT Model
To train the BERT model, you can use the train_bert_model function in the provided Python script. This function takes a CSV file containing training data as input and trains the model to classify sentences as grammatically correct or incorrect.

Example usage:
train_bert_model("new_input_traindata.csv")

2. Testing the BERT Model
Once the model is trained, you can test it using the test_bert_model function. This function takes an Excel file containing test data and the path to the trained model as input. It generates predictions for the test data and saves the results to a CSV file.

Example usage:
test_bert_model("test_data.xlsx", "bert_model")

3. Checking Grammar Errors
Additionally, the project includes a function check_grammar_errors to manually check grammar errors in sentences. This function takes an input CSV file containing sentences and their labels (correct/incorrect) and outputs a CSV file with detected errors.

Example usage:
check_grammar_errors("output.csv", "final_predictions.csv")

4.Data Format
The input data should be provided in CSV format with two columns: 'input' (containing sentences) and 'labels' 
(containing binary labels: 0 for incorrect and 1 for correct sentences).

Example Dataset
An example dataset new_input_traindata.csv is provided in the project directory. It contains sentences labeled as either correct or incorrect.

5.Output Files
output.csv: This file contains the sentences from the test data along with their predicted labels generated by the model.
final_predictions.csv: This file contains the sentences from the test data along with their true labels and detected grammatical error types (if any).

